Please see the new logo and update at site

Conference Tracks & Thematic Areas

NPHP: Nuclear, Plasma & High-Energy Physics	
Advances in Nuclear Science
Advances in Plasma Physics
High Energy Physics & Cosmology
AMNS: Advanced Materials & Nanoscience
Material Science & Applications
Biomaterials & Applications
Nanomaterials & Nanotechnology
ESHT: Energy Storage & Hydrogen Technologies
Electric Energy Storage
Thermal Energy Storage
Hydrogen Energy & Technology
RSES: Renewable & Solar Energy Systems
Solar Thermal Technologies
Materials for Solar Cells
Trends in Wind and Biomass Energy
EPIS: Electronics, Photonics & Intelligent Systems
Microwave Electronics & Communication
Photonics & Optical Devices
Quantum Computing & Artificial Intelligence
EAS: Environmental & Agricultural Systems
Environmental Remedies
Waste Management
Agrophysics & Technology

Add “Others” in main menu
Put “Travel and Accommodation” in blue box
“Travel” yellow box
"How to Reach Jaipur" (Blue bold text)
Add jaipur pic and in its side area copy the text which was in the earlier picutue, in a box as in other pages. 
"Transportation" (Blue bold text)
Add transportation text from earlier detials in a box
"Visa Information" (Blue bold text)
Add this text in box "Please email the conference team with the subject “Visa Assistance” to request your official invitation letter for your visa.
We’ll get back to you within 5 working days. If you need urgent help, feel free to reach out to the Transportation Team."
“Accommodation” yellow box
Make three boxes, parallel to each other.
first box first row "Option 1: University Main Guest House" (Blue bold text), second row text in "Accommodation at the University Guest House is provided for conference attendees. 
Located on campus, it offers easy access to all conference activities. The guest house features clean, comfortable rooms with basic facilities at affordable rates."
seond box first row "Option 2: HRDC guest House & Dera Shree Shadan" (Blue bold text), second row text in "We offer budget-friendly accommodation at the university campus for student participants. 
Comfortable rooms with essential facilities are available at student-friendly rates."
third box first row "Option 3: Hotels" (Blue bold text), second row text in "Accommodation in nearby hotels is available for conference attendees seeking additional comfort and amenities. A range of hotels, from budget to premium, is located close to the conference venue. 
Participants are encouraged to make their reservations directly with the hotels at the earliest."

"Reach Us" Add three yellow boxes parrel to each other
first box "Genernal Query" Second box "Submission & Registation" Third Box "Visa & Travel Assistance"
First box "Dr Sunita Mahavar, Eamil: smjpr1986@gmail.com, Phone: +91-8239528824" 
Second Box "Dr. Arvind Kumar, Phone: +91-9784185595" 
Third Box "Dr. Dinesh Kumar, Phone: +91-9461209852"
Remove Gallary from organizing team, add this in "Others"






